Added documentation for setting up the skill and lambda (#10)
elasticpath/alexa-skill: README.md

3. Select the Start From Scratch template.

4. Select the JSON Editor from menu on the left, under Interaction Model.

5. Drag the `models/en-US.json` file into the JSON Editor.

6. Build the Model.

7. Select the Endpoint link from the menu on the left.

8. Enter the ARN for the Lambda you create in the [Setting up the Lambda](#setting-up-the-lambda) section.

9. Save Endpoints.

10. Select Test from the header menu.

11. Select Development from the *Skill testing is enabled in* dropdown.

12.  You can now begin testing.

### Setting up the Lambda

1. Clone or pull the `alexa-skill` repository.

2. Navigate to the `alexa-skill/lambda/main`.

3. To install dependencies, run the `npm install  --production` command.

4. Zip up the contents of the current directory, including the `node_modules` folder.

5. In AWS, create a Lambda function with an Alexa Skills Kit trigger.  Currently, only the following AWS regions support Alexa Skills Kit triggers:
  * Asia Pacific (Tokyo)
  * EU (Ireland)
  * US East (N. Virginia)
  * US West (Oregon)

6. Enter the Skill ID from the Alexa Skill in the Configure Triggers input

7. Upload the zip file you created to your Lambda

> 8. Create an environment variable called CORTEX_URL that points to a publically available Cortex endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Create an environment variable called `CORTEX_URL` that points to a publicly available Cortex endpoint.
```

| Remove from Wishlist      | "Remove item number one from my wishlist" | `RemoveFromWishlistIntent`                            |
| Checkout                  | "I'd like to check out"                   | `CheckOutIntent`                                      |

> In addition to these, the Vestri Reference Experience incorporates several out of the box Alexa intents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to these, the Reference Alexa Skill incorporates several out of the box Alexa intents.
```
